
7. schema registry
9. might break most of the stuff but, a variable registry where one can define maybe tokens or commonly used strings, and then use them in the scraper code or input fields everywhere
1. rework the queue system, make is more user handable
* , maybe when schedule is active, it displays in a queue the next execution of the schedule
5. more complex workflows
6. AI html scraping that detects schema
---
2. more integrations: SQL: sqlite, postgres, microsoft sql server, mysql
3. when trying to create a scraper without a given scraper code, it shows [Object object]
4. changing timezone after creating a schedule does not update the schedule
5. ability to edit a schedule
6. somehow a logic to paginate maybe thru UI inputs
7. modal when creating a schedule says "run" instead of "create" button or save button
8. ability to tag schedules
9. run with inputs looks misplaced, uncentered. Also, i think description of input variables is not displayed.
10. functional values like current date, current time, etc. should be available as inputs
11. when iteration/loop/ pagination is implemented: an ability to pass list of inputs to execute individually | Note: make sure to create groups within queue in this case
12. somehow integrate an ability to connect playwright server, and pass it down to the scrapers to utilize. MAke sure to display within queue and logs. Also, it opens a path to group and add delay by URL/domain
13. ability to import module not just single script file. and make sure to save properly. this also allows separation of input as a separate config file.
14. remove emojii from  "run" button within scrapers menu
15. rework the "Format:..." label within schedules menu
16. something wrong with scheduler, it shows 12am, it has correct timezone but it has executed at 8pm. exactly the amount of timezone difference.
17. ability to reorder the elements of schedules, scrapers and integrations list
18. Display the schedule within logs menu in a better and more visible way and so that it does not look like it's appended to the scraper name
19. When a scraper contains some new library thats not in the app's environment, scraper does not run, maybe a way of dynamically installing libraries.
20. investigate why is there 2 retries when i manually ran the scraper, it should be applied only to the integration, where if and only if after the message is scraped, it retries the message sending process not the scraping process, which has to be idempotent unless stated otherwise.
21. Show currently running scrapers within logs menu
22. option to be able to hide urls as Link or show full maybe shortened
23. option to resend integ from logs
24. option to format JSON
25. catchup ignores inputs